Perfit Hopefully you are able to keep up with me.
Not just we wind up video a hundred times if you have to.
You need this right.
That's why you hear and that's why you came so far.
So this is not a time to give.
This is a time to keep going.
So if you feel like giving up you need to drink a little coffee and straighten up because this is you
almost done with this all right.
And you come really far.
So for those of you that are thinking about giving up for those of you that I decided let's keep going.
For those of you that are down.
Let's keep going.
You can do this all right.
So.
All right.
So now that we're pulling some information out of here and we can echo the user id in the other page
when we go here and we just say if we type anything of course is just going to give us a blank page.
But if we put the RICO user name like we did on the last one submit we can see that we are finding the
user there.
All right.
Echoing the ID Now let's pull some more information out of that.
And if you go back to the users table we can pool all this information for that specific user right.
So let's go ahead and check on this rolls here.
Right.
On each of them on these columns and let's go and pull some more information so let's take the echo
out of there first.
Let's make a little bit bigger so that where you can see a more let's just copy and paste this a little
bit a couple of times.
Going to change some of these things and let's just pull the you first name out of there and in a minute
I'm going to tell you why we're going to need that.
All right.
We're going to do some validations and we're going to be sending some sessions somewhere else and we
need this information.
So
now we're going to change this of course to first name and we're forgetting something here.
But that would be the last name right.
I mean the user name the user role or think or role let's just call a role or whatever let's just call
it the be the be user role that's too long there but that's fine.
The user name in user would be I just want it to be descriptive so that way you don't get lost from
this DV user ID.
All right.
Perfect.
So we got all this information that we're pulling from there.
We can echo and try it out but I think I think we got it.
I think he's working all right.
Let's pull out the user name the user name.
All right.
And this one has a column there name user name right.
So out of that row of this specific user what we're going to be doing.
So once we have this information Let's just double check and see if we don't get any errors there.
Let's go back here refresh that submit this.
We don't got no arrows here.
Perfect.
All right.
So now that we have all this information let's just do some validation.
So let's do an if statement here.
And I'm just going to say if the user name and this is not this user name that's why I named it differently
here.
This is this user name right here.
So if this user name is not and you can do this if it is if it is up to you whatever logic you want
to use.
Right now I just want to start with if if is not the same as this is it's not equal to that.
And remember that password which is password variable on top here.
Remember that.
Well here because it's like a cascading style sheet if you know CSSA goes down from top to bottom.
Remember that is not equal to what to.
Actually we haven't even got it out yet.
So let's get it out.
So let's make sure that we get that out right.
Let's get a password.
So
user password array.
All right here.
And his name right here.
Let's just double check to see if that's the name that we got
in there.
Let me just in the Peachtree my admin is our password.
Yes that's the one.
Perfect.
So if that's not the same as does the user password
then I want you to redirect the user somewhere else right.
Wanted to send the user where back to the index.
So we get to use the head of functions here when they pass it in parameters here location.
Make sure that you always capitalize is L here.
Double quotes.
And then we're going to send it to in that stuff BHB.
Remember we need to go back.
We need to get out of this because we are includes All right we need to get out.
It includes And we need to go back so we can go to.
It's all right so let's go ahead and enter there and let's click on anything there and submit.
You see that you didn't you probably did not see it because it's fast but before when we did this it
would take us to the log in page and would be blank.
Right now we do anything.
It just refreshes and takes us back to index that BHP goes back he goes to log and up he actually but
he does it so fast.
That takes us back here.
Well you don't see it.
So I would type recall click submit.
They takes us to the log and up here.
Be right.
The head of functionally it is working issues doing it so fast you can see it.
All right so now what I want to do if else let's do an elf and let's do Elf is let's do that one because
I think I haven't used it in a while.
And I think that's probably right here.
Elf is l l l.
If I remember that.
And this just do this just tickle this out here and we're just going to change the logic on this one.
We're just going to say equals.
All right.
So this is the opposite right here.
Then we can just redirect to admin.
Right.
So let's do that real quick.
The location admin.
Let's go back because we've got to get out of here we've got to need to go to the folder called admen
And let's check it out to see if it works.
You excited.
You have to be because you're doing something really good and you're going to be a web developer very
soon.
Right.
A professional one soon sooner than you think.
So let's go ahead and say Rico and type in MIT and it's not taking us anywhere.
All right.
So our logic here is flawed.
So Or this is now working one or the other or location and so else if.
OK.
And let's do an else statement right here.
We need to remember that the past one has to be the same for us to go to admin.
So that's why eating even take is there but let's do a statement here and let's do a location.
And if anything else happens besides these two things here we need to take the user back to that to
today.
That's right.
Could you just copy this one here but sometimes just write more.
So let's make sure that we know that possible for recall.
That way we can log in.
Right.
So possible for Rekos one to three.
So let's go ahead and try that actually I think we are good to go here.
I'm going to recap a little bit but then you get it.
But just in case you don't recall and down 1 to 3 enter it takes us to admin rights where able to log
in if I type anything.
Rico and then type anything else it takes us back to here and that's the statement right.
Anything here statement.
We're working again right.
If so let's recap a little bit what we did and I'm going to do it really but we're going to be doing
a little more here.
We're going to be dealing with sessions there as a matter of fact.
Let's go ahead and finish the session there.
When I finished the session they are going to recap at the end and show you exactly what we did right
just in case you are still confused.
I'm doing a little faster sense you're ready.
We've already done similar things in the past.
All right.
So anyway I'll see you on the next lecture and hopefully if you do have any questions I'm here 24/7
for you.
So all right take care and I'll see you in the next lecture.